# AgeRecognition
Good Seed is a supermarket chaing that sells alcohol in store. Traditionally, cashiers are tasked with checking identification cards when customers attempt to buy alcohol; this is to avoid selling alcohol to anyone underage. As an extra precaution, Good Seed would like to explore whether machine learning can help them adhere to alcohol laws by automatically scanning customers' faces and predicting their age. For this project, we were asked to conduct such an investigation. Using a set of photographs of peoples' faces and a separate file containing their real ages, we will build, train, and test a convolutional neural network to see if we can create a reliable enough model for the stated purpose. We will start the project by loading the data and performing exploratory data analysis, which includes exploring the age distribution in the dataset and examing a few sample images. We will then use Keras to build and train a ResNet model, which will be tested using a GPU. Finally, we will evaluate the efficacy of our model.

**Summary**: The aim of this project was to develope a model for Good Seed that is able to determine an individuals age from an image with a MAE of no greater than 8. In developing this model, we first performed exploratory data analysis to visualize the distribution of ages in the dataset. We found that the mean age for individuals in the set is approximately 31, and that the majority of individuals fall between the ages of 18 and 40, among other things. Next, we created functions to aid in defining, developing, and training a ResNet50 model with custom top layers. In order to ensure training efficiency, we set the number of epochs for the model to 20 and used Adam as the optimizer, with a learning rate of .0001. Overall, we found that our model performed quite well and meets Good Seed's requirements - that is, it's MAE for the testing dataset is approximately 6.5, which is lower than the specified threshold. 
